# charmJ12Scripts
A set of scripts and folders to reproduce the analysis and pltos in the spin 1/2 charm baryon paper

## correlators
Correlators from openqcd-fastsum-hadspec are zipped in the correlators folder. These are unzipped automatically by the script

## output
Analysis output is placed here. You do not need to look here in order to see the figures in the paper

## code
The python code and scripts that do the analysis. There is some modularity here with the libraries in the lib folder

## paperPlots
The plots from the paper will be generated here. They are not supplied with this repo as they can be found in the paper

## plotXYData
The x-y and y-error data of each plot in the paper. Only 'scatter' style data is included. This is generated by the run script, but also supplied herein. It will be overwritten by the runscript

## run
The folder where the main script needed to run all the analysis is.

---

# Conda Notes
Install your favourite conda solution, such as https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html
## Switch to a faster environment solver
This is optional, but likely will solve the dependencies much much faster. See https://www.anaconda.com/blog/a-faster-conda-for-a-growing-community
```conda update -n base conda```
```conda install -n base conda-libmamba-solver```
```conda config --set solver libmamba```

## Install Environment
```conda env create -f environment.yml```
## Activate/Use
```conda activate charm```
## Update (w. new packages)

1. Edit `environment.yml`
2. Deactivate conda environment with `conda deactivate`
3. Update conda environment with `conda env update -f=environment.yml`
